fix(ui2): unable to configure window height of absolute 1 (#39781)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lua.txt

        ---Table keys are are matched as a Lua pattern to the message ID. 'default'
        ---mapping applies to any omitted kind: { default = 'cmd', progress = 'msg' }.
        targets = 'cmd',
        ---For `height`, a decimal number smaller than 1 is a fraction of 'lines'.
        cmd = { -- Options related to messages in the cmdline window.

>           height = 0.5, -- Maximum height while expanded for messages beyond 'cmdheight'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          height = 0.5, -- Maximum height (rows if >1, or % of 'lines' if <1) of messages expanded beyond 'cmdheight'.
```
